The problem statement is you will be given a number
and you have to check if it is odd or even.
using bitwise operators.
So firstly let us see the binary equivalents of
first few numbers. For 0, it is 0000. For 1, it is 0001. For two, it is 0010
for three it is 0011, for 4 it is 0100. For five it
is 0101. For six it is 0110. For seven it is 0111
For eight, it is 1000 and for nine it is 1001
Now if we observe, we can clearly see that
for even numbers,
The LSB or least significant bit is zero
And for odd numbers the LSB is one
So your task is to write the logic for
this "Odd or even number problem" and submit it using the below
compiler. See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs
If the input is the number 10, the expected output
is the message "Even".
If the input is five the expected output is "Odd".